# Chapter 2 DOET

When reading Chapter 2, one of the things that stood out to me was the gulfs of execution and evaluation. I like how Norman broke down the distinction between the two and why it is important to bridge these gulfs to create good design. This concept helped me realize some of the frustrations I have when interacting with products. For example, this makes me think of Teslas. With teslas, everything is controlled through the main screen. For instance, with the glove box, it isn't just like any car where you pull the handle and the glove box opens. With this and actually many other features, you have to find what you want to do by cycling through the menu options. I had to go through 3 different menu options just to find the glovebox control and get it opened. But like I said there are many other features that are scattered through all the settings. And it takes awhile to get used to or remember where everything is. Reading this made me think about how much easier things would be if devices clearly communicated both how to act and what the results of those actions are.

I also found the Seven Stages of Action very helpful in understanding everyday interactions. It made me notice when I use any device. I have goals, plan and execute actions, look for feedback, etc. Designers have to account for each stage to make this process seamless.

The three levels of processing was also an interesting topic. I think the behavioral part of this is especially important. Of course you want things to look nice (visceral), but knowing how to use it is more important. The visceral is what attracts the user and gets them through the door. But if it is unusable, then what is the point? I now see how all three levels work together and how it can determine whether a design is good.
